it's him everyone today I
present you my products care for the
skin at attractive prices
I know that everyone does not have the
ways to afford care products to
20 euros so here is my routine that
I hope you will be useful and who
personally works rather
correctly then the first step of
my routine care is the morning of me
wash with this oil-based soap
lemon essential that comes from
at as roma zone it is not at all
aggressive he's here to purify for
limit blemishes acne and
its smell is very light and I
thinks he's doing his job pretty well
I really like a lot
I then use the scrub in
neutrogena
so I use it every day it's
what is advised
i he reduces to tan tan and man the excess of
sebum and matifies the skin so that's
really nice if ever like me
you tend to shine his
smell is really super nice they
are really good he does not hurt
at all the skin its texture is really
super nice and I recommend it
really if ever like me you have
small imperfections
for my morning routine for fight
to tell me about blemishes and acne
I use this lotion that comes from
chaos mazzone always so I you
really advises this site is so at
firstly his smell is pretty
particular but detoxify
tone the skin
and if you really have
imperfections I advise you
a lot I think my skin is
really better since
I use this lotion have to finally
finish with my morning care routine I
come use this jelly from home
garnish so as they say it does
really a tonic awakening because
it's a very fresh jelly
her smell is super nice she
penetrates very quickly into the skin and she
just give a pose appearance of
test
if you have tired skin term this is
really the product that you do not need
sure I think it's all
the difference
but for the mornings I do not make up
I do not prefer to use aloe gel
vera that comes to repair my skin what I
do a lot of eczema and suddenly
but really not bad I was not going
on the other hand not when I make up
since his federation cleaves luche and therefore
it's a bit annoying but I really
advise you anyway aloe vera
who is really coming to fix your skin
it's now my evening routine so
when I'm wearing makeup I come from the mac
and my eyes with this makeup remover gel
at barbara gould
it's great because it does not sting it
maquis really good makeup
waterproof so I recommend it
really so far so you have not
not found any makeup remover that you
was suitable for then mac and
the whole of my face I use this
garnier gel
I also use in passing the mask of
that same range of people no longer had
so I could not introduce you
but this freeze debate which is really good
he is not at all aggressive so I
really advise you
and to finish with one of the make-ups
perfect I use this so this lotion
with lemon water of shia roma zone which
come on let 's say detoxify again a
once and matifie I find since as soon
we use we have the skin that appears
everything was and that does not shine
everything is not aggressive at all
line smell very nice and I you
really thought this lotion
now really about care
targeted acne I use for small
pimples this chestnut cream
boukhrief nehal who is really
effective
it does not stop the skin so much
have to go back two or three times to
that really it works well but
I find this cream really useful and
for the inflammed button elk we do not
do not know why they are there I use
the relic should not, however,
used twice in a row because it burns
the skin shot so effective in the lead
and so we really have to apply it that
on the button and I guarantee that
tomorrow your button it has a
completely different appearance but
with all its care, it is necessary to feed well
his skin and before going to sleep
I use emptied I 'm of jojoba
really repairs the skin when it is
really skillful and that's drinking and I you
strongly advises to apply neither the
nourishing on your skin before
to sleep to really fix it and that's it
the girls my video is now
I hope you have enjoyed it
and that it will be useful to you
do not hesitate to tell me in the
comments if you already use
products I presented to you or if you
use others
and do not hesitate to tell me also which
kind of water leaks you would like
drink more in the chain I would do myself
really a pleasure to make you all
that I make you many kisses I you
say to you soon ciao